#304 - Adding Aljaz's CM4 Slot Control Carrier Board (#306)
geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices: _boards_cm/cm4-slot-control-carrier-board.md

---
layout: board
title: "CM4 Slot Control Carrier Board"

> short_description: It’s a 6-lay Raspberry Pi CM4 carrier board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: This CM4 carrier board has 12 relays and a bunch of other IO built-in.
```

status: prototype

> picture: "/images/board-cm4-slot-control-carrier.jpg"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
picture: "/images/board-cm4-slot-control-carrier.jpeg"
```
